1208/1208. All documentation and distribution infrastructure updated.

README
Badge updated from 882 passing to 1208 passing. Stats strip updated from 39 threat families / 13 inspection triggers to 43 / 14. "What changed in v0.13" section replaced with "What changed in v0.18" — opens with the audit layer closing the pre-deployment gap, then flows into the false positive section that was already there. Full changelog entries added for v0.14 through v0.18, each with feature names, new test count, and one-line rationale. The changelog now reads as a continuous narrative from v0.1.0 to v0.18.0.
website/changelog.html
Six new release entries added before the v0.10.0 entry, each using the existing entry-version / entry-list / class="added" format so they render identically to the existing entries. v0.18.0 through v0.13.0 all have accurate feature lists and test counts.
website/pricing.html
Pro tier feature list completely rewritten to reflect the current product. Old: 8 generic bullet points about detection and verdicts. New: 16 specific capabilities including aiglos audit --deep, behavioral baseline, policy proposals, T43 honeypot, T41 outbound scanning, source reputation, ClawKeeper badge ingestion, federated intelligence, citation-verified rules, GitHub Actions integration. Price updated from $39 to $49 to reflect the expanded intelligence stack. Enterprise tier: removed three duplicate-word bugs, added ClawKeeper unified audit, custom sandbox policy, private federation server. The FAQ answer about what Aiglos does updated from "36 rule families" to the current "43 threat families" with the full feature list.
website/index.html
Stats strip: 882 → 1208 tests, 13 → 14 inspection triggers, T01–T39 → T01–T43 in all occurrences.
.github/workflows/aiglos-scan.yml
Full workflow covering four triggers: pushes, pull requests, nightly schedule (6am UTC), and manual dispatch with deep and fail_below_grade inputs. Extracts grade and score, fails the build if below threshold, posts a PR comment that updates rather than accumulates, uploads audit JSON and summary as artifacts with 30-day retention, generates SARIF and uploads to the GitHub Security tab (surfaces findings at the repo level without any additional config), and writes a nightly briefing to the Actions job summary with the explicit note about not auto-fixing.
.github/actions/aiglos-scan/action.yml
Reusable composite action. Any repo — not just Aiglos itself — can add three lines to their CI:
yaml- uses: aiglos/aiglos/.github/actions/aiglos-scan@main
  with:
    deep: true
    fail_below_grade: B
Outputs grade, score, and passed for downstream steps. The GitHub Marketplace distribution path: this action in a public repo means it appears in Marketplace search results for anyone searching "AI agent security" or "MCP security." Every uses: aiglos/aiglos@main in any external repo's workflow file is a star, a product impression, and a free tier user.